README.md, before:

# ArtPart
ArtPart is an app that incentivises people to donate to charity while at the same time increasing children's motivation to make art. The idea was to create an app where kids could make art and sell it on our app. From there, prospective buyers could look at given pieces of art and buy it (all money goes to charity). From there, we notify users when the art has been bought.

[![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](http://forthebadge.com)

## Reviewer Guide
After you've extracted the zip file, double click on the _.xcworkspace_ file. This project uses CocoaPods and all of the dependencies are already in the zip. Once inside XCode, click the run button or hit _command + r_ to build and run. 

**It is best to run this project on a real device**, because you need it for taking a picture with the camera (since the simulator doesn't have a camera). Not allowing the `photoAlbum` sourcetype was an intentional design decision because otherwise it would be very easy for the user to upload art that is not theirs.. etc.

## User Guide
When the app is running on your device, click on the _Sign in with google button_ and login to your account. From there, you will proceed to the next screen after some activity indicator loading (if your network is slow). 

##### To buy a piece of art
1. Tap on given piece of art in the grid (or use peek and pop from force touch)
2. Tap the _donate with Apple Pay button_. 
3. From there, you have you can enter in cards and other required information. 
4. We'll send you email confirmation when you proceed past the Apple Pay screen.

##### To put your art on the marketplace
1. Tap the _Give Art_ tab on the bottom of the screen. 
2. Enter in a description of your art and a suggested price in number format. (You can tap anywhere outside your textarea to make the keyboard go down.)
3. Click on the cells in the table to take photos by clicking on the disclosure cells in the table.  
4. Click submit when you are done and we'll send you email confirmation for your art when you're done.

##### To sign out
Click on the settings tab on the bottom right and click the logout button.

### Some technologies/ APIs used:
- Firebase for realtime data storage & large image files
- GoogleSignIn for authentication
- Apple pay for payments
- Sendmail API to send emails when art is bought or put on the market
- 3D touch

Commit message:

Updated README to reflect change for source type settings.

README.md, after:

# ArtPart
ArtPart is an app that incentivises people to donate to charity while at the same time increasing children's motivation to make art. The idea was to create an app where kids could make art and sell it on our app. From there, prospective buyers could look at given pieces of art and buy it (all money goes to charity). From there, we notify users when the art has been bought.

[![forthebadge](http://forthebadge.com/images/badges/built-with-love.svg)](http://forthebadge.com)

## Reviewer Guide
After you've extracted the zip file, double click on the _.xcworkspace_ file. This project uses CocoaPods and all of the dependencies are already in the zip. Once inside XCode, click the run button or hit _command + r_ to build and run. 

If you want to change the source type of the `UIImagePickerController`, you can do so in the settings tab on the bottom of the screen with the segmented control.

## User Guide
When the app is running on your device, click on the _Sign in with google button_ and login to your account. From there, you will proceed to the next screen after some activity indicator loading (if your network is slow). 

##### To buy a piece of art
1. Tap on given piece of art in the grid (or use peek and pop from force touch)
2. Tap the _donate with Apple Pay button_. 
3. From there, you have you can enter in cards and other required information. 
4. We'll send you email confirmation when you proceed past the Apple Pay screen.

##### To put your art on the marketplace
1. Tap the _Give Art_ tab on the bottom of the screen. 
2. Enter in a description of your art and a suggested price in number format. (You can tap anywhere outside your textarea to make the keyboard go down.)
3. Click on the cells in the table to take photos by clicking on the disclosure cells in the table.  
4. Click submit when you are done and we'll send you email confirmation for your art when you're done.

##### To sign out
Click on the settings tab on the bottom right and click the logout button.

### Some technologies/ APIs used:
- Firebase for realtime data storage & large image files
- GoogleSignIn for authentication
- Apple pay for payments
- Sendmail API to send emails when art is bought or put on the market
- 3D touch
- UserDefaults
